feat: Swarm.EnableHolePunching flag (#8562)
ipfs/go-ipfs: docs/config.md

Type: `bool`

### `Swarm.EnableHolePunching`

Enable hole punching for NAT traversal
when port forwarding is not possible.

When enabled, go-ipfs will coordinate with the counterparty using
a [relayed connection](https://github.com/libp2p/specs/blob/master/relay/circuit-v2.md),
to [upgrade to a direct connection](https://github.com/libp2p/specs/blob/master/relay/DCUtR.md)
through a NAT/firewall whenever possible.

> For good results, use with `RelayClient.Enabled` set to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature requires `RelayClient.Enabled` set to `true`.
```

> This feature requires `Swarm.RelayClient.Enabled` set to `true`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This feature requires `Swarm.RelayClient.Enabled` to be set to `true`.
```
